- Uh, Cooper?
Hi, welcome to Bayview.
I'm Keely,
your designated tour guide.
- Nice to meet you.
Um, but I thought someone
named Walt
was supposed to show me around.
- Oh, nobody told you?
Walt's home sick.
Pneumonia, I think.
- But the officer said
that he was on his way.
- Yeah, um...
Walt's in Bio,
and I'm a terrible liar.
I asked if I could
trade tours with him
because I'm sort of a fan,
but...
- So you're into baseball?
- Well, I have
a lot of interests.
[soft music]
On your left, you will see
our beautiful lockers,
and to your right--
- Oh.
[container clatters]
My bad, man. Sorry.
Didn't' see you there.
- No worries, Cooper.
- Wait, have we met?
- Your reputation precedes you.
Everyone's talking
about the baseball messiah
from Mississippi.
- Okay. Who is that?
- That was Simon Kelleher,
the mayor's son and Bayview's
resident tech genius
slash anti-hero weirdo.
He's like a walking burn book.
Steer clear.
He has a way
of knowing everything.
[tense music]
- Hey, bro, have you seen
the post about Addy?
Does Simon know about you?
* *
- Simon knew everything.
[soft music]
* *
Mom!
I'm gonna fix it.
- How?
Look, all I'm saying is,
if you really wanted him
to listen,
you could have at least spent
some time on your makeup.
- Wow, Mom.
- I'm telling you
'cause I love you.
You can't put the genie back
in the bottle with just words.
- Okay.
- Definitely not
with that eyeliner.
[Amber Van Day's
"See You In Tears"]
- * I just wanna
see you in tears *
* Punch your face
and break your veneers *
- Can you guys
believe it about Addy?
I'm honestly worried about her.
I mean, he's obviously
gonna break up with her.
And Addy's like one of those
little barnacle things
that dies without its host.
Aren't you worried
you'll be next?
- No, I'm good.
I've got nothing to hide.
- Excuse me, please.
- Addie, babe, how are...you?
Okay, did that
cheating little bitch
seriously just blow me off
when I was trying
to offer my sympathy?
Rude.
- * Why you such a *
* Why you such a bitch? *
- Addy, are you okay?
- You're joking, right?
You expect me to believe
it's a coincidence
that you basically forced me
to confess my deepest,
most shameful secret,
and it got posted
like, what, an hour later?
- You don't really think
that we posted it.
- I don't have time for this.
I have to find Jake.
* *
[bell rings]
[tense music]
* *
- Addy. Addy.
I swear--
I swear I never told anybody.
- Stop lying.
I know you told Simon.
Why else was your name
not in the post?
- I would never do that. Never.
Look, that night at the beach,
do you know how long
I've wanted that?
Since ninth grade.
- What are you talking about?
- Do you remember when we went
to Tony Murphy's one night,
and we ended up watching
bad telenovelas?
- Yeah. So?
- You laughed so hard,
soda came out of your nose
and went all over
Tony's carpet.
- That was humiliating.
- No, it was awesome.
You were so free, you know?
And ever since then,
I've just wanted
to see you like that again.
To make you laugh so hard that
soda comes out of your nose.
- You fell for me
when I was vomiting Dr. Pepper
out of my nose,
and you just now have the guts
to tell me three years later?
- Well, I didn't think
I had a chance, dude.
I mean, you were with Jake.
You guys had your whole lives
planned--you know,
the house, the kids, the dog.
I mean, but then that night
at the beach happened, and...
[soft music]
Look, Addy, I might not
have my whole life planned...
* *
But I-I would definitely
get a dog with you.
* *
- Motherfucker.
- Jake.
- It was you?
- Jake! Jake!
Jake, stop!
- Oh, my God!
- Jake, no!
- [grunting]
- Stop, please!
- What are you guys even doing?
* *
- No, Jake!
[loud thud]
- Oh!
- Hey, hey! Hey, hey, Jake!
Come on, get off of him!
Ahh!
Jake, stop!
- Hey, hey, babe.
- [groans]
- Are you hurt?
- Are you okay?
- Don't.
- No, you're bleeding.
- Addy, don't! Get--don't.
- Jake...
- Is it true?
- [crying]
- Fuck, Addy.
God damn it.
- No, please let me explain.
- What, explain
how you lied to my face,
or how you fucked
my best friend?
- Jake, I love you.
- No, you don't.
No, you don't.
If you loved me,
you wouldn't have done it.
- You bitch.
- What?
- With my boyfriend?
- [sighs]
You guys weren't even together.
- Oh, but you knew I liked him.
- You like a lot of guys.
- Are you seriously
calling me a slut right now?
- No, no, I just--
- You know what, Addy?
Good luck with the rest
of your life, honestly.
- The principal's coming!
- Vanessa--
- Oh, definitely not.
- Mr. Forrester, come with me.
[phones chiming]
- "It's your lucky day,
Bayview.
"Spilling Addy's secret
was so fun,
I think I'll give you
another one."
- "We all know
Bayview's resident bad boy,
"Nate Macauley, deals drugs,
"but did you know he almost
dealt a death blow this summer
"when he sold
to a junior who OD'd?
"Don't blame the victim,
though.
"Nate saw she was drunk
on cheap liquor and bad ideas
"and still sold her the pills
that almost killed her.
Is this what will finally
land him in jail?"
- Oh, fuck this.
- First Addy, and now Nate?
What if I'm next?
- What could he possibly
have on you anyway?
- Oh, she's not that perfect.
I mean, this morning, I saw her
recycle a milk carton
without rinsing it first.
- No--scandalous.
- He could've
made something up.
- That wasn't Simon's style.
- Since when are you an expert
on all things Simon?
- I know more than you think.
- Look, even if
something did drop,
it's not like anybody
will believe
anything bad about you anyway.
- You saw how quickly
everyone believed
this post about Nate.
- Yes, because he's
a drug dealer.
And if you think about it,
overdosing and poisoning
aren't that different.
Like, don't you think that
maybe he could have done it?
- No.
Well, what I mean is,
whoever poisoned Simon
had an elaborate plan,
and I don't think Nate
can be bothered
to know what he's having
for lunch today.
- Yeah.
[Tender's "No Devotion"]
- * Well, maybe that's where
your mind goes *
* Got your head
in the clouds *
[phone buzzes]
* And if you ever come down *
* Maybe we can talk about it *
* And you can tell me
what you saw *
* Maybe that's why
you drift away *
- [sighs]
You're early.
- Yeah.
Not much else to do.
- You look like
you could use this.
* *
- I could literally kill
whoever is posting
on About That.
- Another thing you might want
to keep to yourself.
[both laugh]
- I think it's Bronwyn.
I know you have
a thing for her.
- [coughs]
- [laughs]
- I think the weed's
going to your head.
It happens.
- Okay, first of all, rude.
Not my first joint.
Second, you should
wear sunglasses,
'cause the way you look
at her--obvious.
Third, she's so smart,
she's the only one capable of
pulling this whole thing off.
And fourth,
she knows my secret.
She knows you, and--
- She wouldn't do that.
- How do you know?
- I know.
- Get a room.
- [laughing]
[both laughing]
- Seriously?
- [coughs]
- It's just weed, man.
- "It's just weed"?
Is that what you told
the girl who overdosed?
- No, because I sold her pills.
- Oh, so it's true?
- She's fine now.
- That's not the point.
- Who was it, anyway?
- I think she'd rather
I didn't tell you guys that.
- Oh, sure.
You're a regular Boy Scout.
- I was once, actually.
Sixth grade.
- Oh, my God! Who cares?
We have to figure out
who's posting the secrets.
- Well, we know
it's not me or Nate.
So that leaves the two of you,
and one of you seems like
she'd be a little better
at computers.
No offense, Cooper.
- Why are you assuming
it's one of us?
It could literally be anyone
with the password.
- Who would have the password?
- What about Janae?
She was Simon's best friend.
Maybe she's taken over
as some sort of, I don't know,
twisted tribute.
- Why are you always
pointing the finger
at other people?
First Ms. Avery, now Janae.
- Do you want me to point
the finger at someone here?
Because I could.
I could especially
point the finger
at the mysterious guy
who's only been here
for a year,
who went
to the nurse's office alone
and didn't find Simon's EpiPens
and who is surprisingly happy
to point the finger at me.
You wanna play that game?
- I just think it's likely
that whoever is doing it
is posting from Simon's laptop,
and since the laptop
was in detention
with the four of us,
I know I didn't take it,
and these two
are the only ones
who've gotten screwed over.
- Night's still young.
[tense music]
* *
- I'm just warning you guys
in case somebody posts
some story about me
on the app to--
- Do not worry, honey.
We know that you
have nothing to hide.
- [laughs]
- Maeve?
- No, nothing.
Just, obviously,
your teenage daughter
doesn't have any secrets.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- Maeve, please.
* *
- Are you okay?
- Mija!
- I'll grab her bag.
- I'm fine. It's not a relapse.
- All right, sit back down
and put your head forward.
- You don't know that.
- I'm calling Dr. Jacobs.
[dramatic music]
* *
- Bronwyn! We have to go, now!
- I didn't sleep last night,
and it wasn't just
the hospital chair.
- You think Maeve
is posting our secrets?
- I don't know what to think.
She has the laptop.
She's been lying to me
about it.
- But she doesn't have it
right now.
So let's go get it,
see what she's been up to.
- Now? But I have
a physics test fourth period.
- Seriously?
- Plus, it just feels
really shitty
to be snooping on my sister
while she's in the hospital.
- Which is exactly why
you came to me,
because you knew
I would tell you
to do the shitty thing,
so I'm telling you,
if you want to know if Maeve
is behind this,
and if we can stop her,
we gotta do the shitty thing.
[tense music]
* *
- [laughs]
Hey, guys.
- How you feeling?
- I've been better.
- No.
Don't even.
[sighs]
She better not even think about
coming back to cheer, ever.
So bad for morale.
- What morale?
- My morale, Keely.
- Don't worry.
Wasn't thinking about it.
- Oh, my God.
Are you guys hearing some sort
of really annoying, like,
loud buzzing in your ear?
Like, nonstop--
- Vanessa! Please.
God. Is it really necessary?
- Dude, why are you taking
her side?
- I'm not taking anyone's side.
I'm just saying.
- Okay, so if Keely fucked TJ,
you'd be fine with me
staying friends with her?
- Oh, okay. Jake, irrelevant.
I would never fuck TJ.
- Keely!
- No offense.
- Keely, I-I really wanted
to be able to do this.
- Cooper...
we've been hanging out
for months.
- Look, I-I thought
I could play the part.
I thought I could be
your boyfriend,
but I don't want to be
another shitty guy to you.
- Sorry.
Uh, yeah, I feel so stupid.
[laughs]
Um...
But at least I get it now.
- I'm sorry I lied to you.
I-I was scared
that someone would suspect me
,r Simon would figure me out
and then...
God, it's my baseball career.
It's my family's entire future,
and I...
- Yeah.
- I didn't want to jeopardize
everything I've ever worked...
Keely.
- What if we could help
each other?
- How?
- Well, my crazy ex
hasn't shown up
since we started dating.
No more phone calls at night
or creepy DMs.
And my parents trust you.
They've actually let me
have a social life again.
Maybe we can just keep
doing this.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
* *
[phones chiming]
- What is it this time?
[indistinct murmuring]
* *
- "Breaking news
on Bayview's baseball MVP.
"Turns out Cooper Clay
"isn't the natural talent
everybody thinks he is.
OJ isn't the only juice
fueling those fastballs."
* *
- This is actually good news.
This proves Simon
didn't know about you.
- Good news?
The showcase is tomorrow.
- Hey, look at me.
You're going to destroy
that showcase
and then take a drug test
to prove you did it
fair and square.
It's all going to be okay.
- Oh, so Cooper does drugs.
First time I ever liked him.
- And the post came out while
Maeve doesn't have the laptop.
So maybe she doesn't have
anything to do with this.
[tense music]
- It's not here.
- What do you mean,
it's not here?
- I left it right there.
It's not there.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. I'm sure.
* *
- I'm not seeing it.
- Fuck, fuck.
No, no, no, no.
* *
Hey, Mom.
- Hi, sweetheart.
We're still waiting
on the test results.
- Well, I'm on lunch,
and I was wondering
if I could swing by the house
and get anything for Maeve.
Unless you or Dad
have already been home.
- Holy shit.
- That's so sweet of you,
honey,
but your father
was there earlier
to get some clothes
and her laptop.
- Her laptop?
- I know.
She insisted
on doing her homework.
- Hey.
- I forgot
which daughter
I was talking to for a minute.
- Sorry, Mom. One sec.
* *
Thi--this is Simon.
- Yeah.
Okay, dumb question,
but did you know your sister
was friends with Simon
and then--well, not?
- Bronwyn?
- Uh, sorry, Mom. I'm here.
- Anyway, we don't need you
to bring anything.
Your father brought
the laptop,
but then he forgot
everything else,
so he's on his way back now.
- He's what?
[dramatic music]
I think we're in the clear.
- Bronwyn.
What are you doing here?
What is he doing here?
- Uh, we were just--
- Studying for the test, sir.
Physics.
- Oh, really?
That's not the kind of help
I've heard you provide.
- I would never sell
to Bronwyn.
- [scoffs]
How nice of you.
Maybe you should tell that
to the parents
of the girl who overdosed.
- Dad.
- You have their number?
- Nate!
- You're grounded,
and no phone.
- Don't we have enough problems
as it is, Bronwyn?
[tense music]
* *
[indistinct chatter]
- What the...
- Addy Prentiss...
- Fuck!
- Please report
to the principal's office
immediately.
- Fuck!
[tense music]
* *
- Thank you for joining us.
I am so sorry
to bring you into this.
I know it's been
an exceptionally difficult
few days for you.
Are you doing okay?
- Yeah.
- Good.
Now, I'm hoping
you can help me understand
what happened
between these two yesterday
so that I can take
the necessary
disciplinary action
and we can all move on
from this unfortunate event.
I've talked to other witnesses
and heard from Mr. Riordan
and Mr. Forrester,
but there is a disagreement
about who started the fight.
- Are you seriously
gonna put her through this?
- I'm not. You are.
I was hoping to avoid it,
but unfortunately,
the only thing
you two can agree on
is that she saw
the whole thing.
Miss Prentiss.
- Uh...
- I need you to be honest.
I would hate to punish
the wrong person.
- Yeah.
Um...
* *
It-it just all happened
so quick that...
* *
Um...
It was TJ.
TJ started the fight.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
- That'll be all.
- TJ. TJ, I'm really sorry.
I didn't know
they were gonna suspend you.
- Whatever.
Three weeks
of surf and smoke, right?
You know what?
I actually probably
didn't even want
to go to college,
so really, it's totally cool
that you lied
to protect your ex-boyfriend.
- What did you expect me to do?
- What?
- He had a pretty good reason
to hit you.
I mean, what we did hurt him
worse than he hurt you.
And I need
to make it up to him.
- I just wish you could
see yourself like I see you...
Instead of thinking Jake's
the best you can do.
I really did try to keep
our secret from coming out...
In all the ways.
Some of them
I'm not really cool with.
- TJ, what do you mean?
- See you in three weeks, Addy.
* *
- Perception matters, right?
Sometimes being accused
of a thing
is almost as bad
as doing the thing.
Every time a athlete
is suspected of doping,
people scrutinize
everything about 'em.
We don't need that.
- They can look
all they want.
There ain't nothing
they gonna find.
They could drug test me today,
tomorrow, the next day,
every day till these people
get sick and tired
of hearing about it.
- You sure you wanna do that?
- Why wouldn't I?
You think I'm doping?
- I didn't say that.
- You know I would never
do anything
to risk everything
that we've worked so hard for.
- Listen. Listen!
- How can you even suggest
that I--
- You already did once.
Didn't you?
Mississippi.
Can you blame me
for feeling like sometimes
I don't know you?
- Yeah, I guess not.
- Pull yourself together.
We're almost there.
You make me proud tomorrow.
Okay?
* *
[NF's "The Search"]
- * Oh, ain't that
somethin'? *
* Drums came in,
you ain't see that comin' *
- [grunting]
[screams]
[winces]
Oh.
Ah.
[soft music playing]
- Seriously?
* *
[people cheering]
- Jesus.
- Oh, brilliant.
You know, we should stop
meeting like this.
- What are you even doing here?
- Well, I'm having fun
and looking for Janae.
She should be
around here somewhere,
looking...pissed.
- Hmm, well, look,
Jake wouldn't want you here,
so you should leave.
- Well, you should tell your
girlfriend you suck dick,
but here we are.
[tense music]
* *
It's cool with me, man.
I'm just not so sure about your
rock 'em, sock 'em jock pals.
Most of 'em have been
calling me a faggot
since the third grade.
I think I got too many As
for their taste.
* *
- Doubt it was just the As.
- And guys like you
stood on the sidelines
and watched
or egged them on,
maybe even joined in,
because, you know,
you kinda seem like the type.
* *
Relax. I do have a moral code.
I have never outed anyone.
Yet.
* *
- [inhales sharply]
- Oh, sorry. Does that hurt?
- No. It helps.
* *
But anytime
you wanna go lower...
- [laughs]
Okay. Nice try.
[knock at door]
Oh.
- Are you expecting someone?
- Yeah. Just my shrooms guy.
- Yo! Kris.
- Yo, Nate!
How's it going?
- Good, man. You?
- Good, dude.
Come on, come in.
- Hey, so listen.
Uh, this is my last sale
for a while.
Gotta lay low for a bit.
- Yeah, no, no.
That's, um--that's cool, dude.
Um...
Yeah, here.
Uh, it's--it's cool.
I have enough to last me
for a while, anyway,
so here it goes.
- Hey, man. Sweet.
- Yeah. All right.
Well, thanks for coming, dude.
- Okay.
- I really appreciate it.
- All right. Of course, man.
- Get home safe.
- All right.
- Peace.
[laughs]
You in the closet, seriously?
- I know that guy, okay?
[sighs]
- Oh, my God.
Okay, you're, like,
really in the closet.
- Gay and baseball--
they don't mix.
- But is it worth it?
There's other things
to do with your life.
- No.
Not for me.
Baseball's the thing
that makes me feel alive.
Like...[sighs]
Like I was put on this Earth
for a reason.
- Jesus. Okay. Um...
But if baseball
is so important to you
then what are you gonna do
about your shoulder?
* *
- Dr. Yang,
blood donor services.
Dr. Yang,
* *
- Hey, I didn't know
you were coming.
- I know you stole
Simon's laptop.
- You stole it first.
Just, whatever you're doing,
you gotta stop now.
- I'm not doing anything.
- Do you think posting
on About That
is, what, funny?
Do you think it's not--are
you gonna post about me too?
Do you have any idea--
- Do you actually think
I would do that? I was trying
to help you, asshole.
- How?
- By hacking into the app
to stop your secret
from dropping.
- Well, why didn't you just
say something, Maeve?
- Oh, I don't know,
Bronwyn, because I knew
that you'd freak
and not even let me try.
And for the record,
I really tried.
And I failed.
I'm sorry.
- What do you mean you failed?
- B, have you not seen it?
- Dad took my phone.
[soft tense music]
* *
- "First time this app
has ever featured
"good girl Bronwyn Rojas.
"She's top of her class,
"but about to take
a mighty fall.
"She didn't get
that A in chemistry
"through plain old hard work.
"Unless that's how you define
stealing exams
"from Mr. C's filing cabinet.
Someone call Yale."
[tense music]
* *
- Hey. Are you okay?
I tried to call you.
- I turned my phone off.
I just couldn't deal.
- I got really worried.
I thought you'd
at least check in.
- I know. I'm sorry. I...
Are gonna ask if it's true?
- Oh, you think I'm worried
about the post?
No, no, no, I already know
that that's bullshit.
I was gonna ask you
if Maeve is okay.
- Oh, God. I'm an asshole.
Um...[laughs]
She's--she's fine, actually.
It was just a false alarm,
so she'll be home today.
- Okay. Sorry.
I just--I got scared.
I thought the only reason
you'd miss an exam
was if somebody
had actually died.
I mean, that is why
you left, right?
To go to the hospital?
- Yeah.
- Cool.
Well, I'm just relieved
that Maeve is okay.
I'll see you for debate prep.
- See you later.
[sighs]
We can't talk here or anywhere.
- Yeah. About that...
- This is the phone that I--
- I've been using one for work
long before anyone put one
in your bag.
I just thought if you ever
wanted to talk,
my number's in there.
- Aren't we in enough trouble
as it is, Nate?
[soft music]
* *
- Hey. You okay?
- Could be better.
So do you still think
I'm posting the secrets?
- No.
I just thought you were
the only one smart enough
to pull the whole thing off.
It's actually a compliment.
- Well, thanks,
but I'm not really sure
people are gonna think
I'm smart after this.
And, you know,
being smart was my whole thing.
- I guess it's a bad moment
to say
you were wrong about Janae too.
- What do you mean?
- I stole her phone.
I wanted to see
if your theory was right.
I thought maybe
she was using her phone
to post on About That.
Didn't find anything, though.
- Maybe she's not posting
from her phone.
- Okay, thing is, I read
some of her messages to Simon.
Turns out, she hated
About That.
She thought
he was going too far
and wanted him
to shut the whole thing down.
I really don't think
she posted our secrets.
- So what do you want?
- I need a favor.
- Sorry, man.
I don't do steroids.
- Neither do I.
Look, I need painkillers.
- Okay. I definitely
don't do those.
- Listen.
I've got a huge game tonight.
Scouts are gonna be there,
and my shoulder's fucked.
All right, and with these
steroid rumors,
I really can't cancel.
- Damn, man.
Sounds like
a tough spot to be in.
Glad I'm not a coddled athlete
angling for an eight-figure
deal.
- Whoa, whoa, you don't get it.
Look, man. I need to do well.
Okay. We moved here.
We can't afford it.
All so that I can play ball
and get noticed.
If I don't make that happen,
my family's screwed.
- I don't do painkillers.
- [sighs]
Thanks a lot, Boy Scout.
[Tuvaband's "Unknown"]
- * I haven't been
lying here before *
- [clears throat]
Aw, there she is again.
She is literally
so obsessed with me.
I mean, I get it.
[laughs]
I have literally no idea
how she ended up with Jake.
And for me personally,
I just wanted a puppy
when I was younger
and my parents said no.
So I adopted this bitch and--
- Vanessa, that's enough.
- Jake!
That was live.
[scoffs]
* *
- Jake.
Jake, I'm really glad
you didn't get suspended.
* *
- And now we're even.
What?
You think what you did
in the principal's office
changes anything?
You lied.
Again.
I mean, I guess that's
what you do now, right?
You break hearts,
and you lie.
We're done.
- Jake, no.
Please--
- No, we're done. We're done.
How am I ever supposed
to trust you again?
Did you know that Simon
was gonna expose you?
Is that why you were acting
so weird?
Did--
Did you kill him?
- How could you ask me that?
- Did you?
- [crying]
[crying continues]
- Janae?
Janae, is that you?
Well, I mean, I know it's you.
It's Addy, by the way.
Do you need anything?
- Fuck off!
- Okay. Well, um...
I've basically been crying
for the past 48 hours straight.
So if you need any tissue,
I have plenty.
It's softer than toilet paper.
Kay. I'm gonna leave.
But I-I did wanna say...
I'm really sorry about Simon.
For what it's worth.
You must really miss him.
[stall door clicks]
- Yeah, you're right.
The toilet paper sucks.
Simon would find this
really ironic, by the way,
that his death would make you
deign to talk to me.
Literally never said
two words to me before.
- Did that bother you?
- You actually don't realize
what a bitch you are, do you?
- I guess not.
I'm sorry.
- Thanks for these.
- Yeah.
Hey, um...
if you ever need
to talk or something...
I'm suddenly pretty free.
- For what it's worth,
you're better off without him.
You suck, like, 20% less.
[knocks lightly]
- Hi.
Um...
I'm sorry, but I-I found these
when I was looking
for Simon's computer.
You scratched out his face.
Why would you do that?
- You wouldn't understand.
- Well...
Why don't you try me?
- Because I was in love
with him.
Or I just...
really liked him.
- I'm sorry. What? You--
- I told you
you wouldn't understand.
- No. I'm so sorry.
[soft music]
I just--I-I had no idea.
I thought he was--
Just tell me what happened.
* *
- We had a thing
over the summer.
I thought that
he really liked me too.
Then he just...
ghosted.
- I'm--I'm so sorry, Maeve.
- It's my fault.
I don't know why I trusted him
in the first place.
But yeah, I was pissed,
so I scratched out his face,
and I took the laptop
because I thought that he
might have something on me
that I don't want
people to see,
and maybe part of me wanted
to understand why he ghosted.
Mostly I was just trying
to help you.
* *
My turn.
Why did you take the laptop?
- We're not talking about that.
- It's because it's true,
right?
Simon's post?
- You would never understand,
Maeve, about this--
- Yeah, you're doing it again.
Not telling me shit.
- Because you're
my little sister,
and it's my job to protect you.
- No, you just don't want
anyone to know
that you could possibly
do something wrong
because then they know
that you aren't perfect.
I mean, aren't you tired
of pretending
to be perfect all the time?
Because I'm exhausted
just by looking at you.
* *
- You got it?
Thank you. Seriously.
I will pay you back
tomorrow.
Hey, um, why'd you
change your mind?
- Oh, uh, a little business
is better than none.
- Come on.
- I know what it's like
to have people relying on you.
This was a one-time thing,
though.
- Yeah.
- I don't do painkillers.
They fucked up my dad's life.
Even worse than my mom
being gone.
- Your mom left?
- My mom's dead.
[solemn music]
- I'm sorry. I didn't know.
How old were you?
- Old enough to remember.
- I wasn't.
- Lucky.
Some people do have it all.
- [laughs]
- Hey, don't you have
to pass a drug test?
- I don't think
they're checking for this.
I'll take my chances.
Unless...
You wanna pee in a cup for me?
- Let's take it slow.
Hey, good luck
with whatever this is.
* *
male announcer: Here we are,
the 2021 high school
baseball California showcase.
The best against the best.
What everyone
has been waiting for.
Coming in to pitch
for the Jaguars,
ESPN top ten high school
pitching prospect Cooper Clay.
[cheers and applause]
- Let's go, Coop!
Come on, baby!
[upbeat music]
* *
- Let's go!
- [sighs]
[cheers and applause]
[soft tense music]
* *
[sighs]
Focus, Coop.
Focus.
- Relax.
I do have a moral code.
I've never outed anyone...
yet.
- You know,
I know your type too.
You're just another
privileged Bayview punk
with too much time
on your hands.
You think you're
some vigilante hero?
You are a sad, pathetic bully.
But you're not gonna bully me.
No.
I've got too much on the line.
[cheers and applause]
* *
[all exclaiming]
announcer: Strike one.
91 miles per hour.
The scouts have got to be
impressed with that.
- Coop, let's go!
- It's libel.
There's gotta be a way
to get it taken down.
- Javier.
- False accusations have
very real consequences.
I don't want
all of her hard work
destroyed by idle gossip.
- I did it.
I cheated.
You're right, Dad.
I've worked so hard.
Chemistry just wasn't clicking
no matter how hard I studied.
I was stuck at a 78.
And I knew what a 78 would
look like in my junior year.
I wouldn't be valedictorian.
I wouldn't get into Yale.
[solemn music]
[crying]
* *
I would fail.
And that just wasn't an option.
So I stole the exam questions
for the midterm and the final.
I messed up.
Bad.
I didn't kill Simon.
I'm just not the perfect girl
you think I am.
* *
What?
- We spoke with Robyn
about this possibility
that the post might be true.
We didn't wanna believe it.
Not our Bronwyn.
And the thing is,
she said that you're going to
have to continue to deny it.
We can't let it look
like you have a motive.
So if anyone asks,
it never happened.
There's no proof,
and like she said,
your reputation
is the best thing
you have going for you.
- But she was--
- No. No buts.
This is the last time
we speak of this.
Understood?
announcer:
Tied, runner on third.
Two outs, two strikes,
game on the line.
[cheers and applause]
Strike three.
That's the ballgame,
ladies and gentlemen.
What an amazing performance
by Cooper Clay.
- Baby bro!
Whoo! Love you, bro.
- You get it, bro.
- Ahh!
- Yes, man.
You fuckin' brought it.
- Thank you, bro.
- Ahh!
- Keely!
- That was amazing!
- Aww! Thank you!
Wait, I saw you talking
with the detective.
What'd she want?
- She was asking me
about your post.
The steroids.
And I told her you're taking
a test after this.
So don't even worry about it.
- Hey, Cooper,
can I get a picture?
[shutters clicking]
- Cooper. Over here.
* *
- Whoo!
[somber music]
* *
- Kris!
Kris, wait.
Why'd you come?
- Because you made such
a big deal about this thing.
I wanted to come
and support you.
I even came
in straight cosplay for you.
I'm wearing plaid.
- I have a plan, remember?
- No, you have a girlfriend.
- Yeah, and she's in on it too.
Look, she helps me,
and I help her.
I scared away her crazy ex.
- And your dad knows too?
- What? No. No, he doesn't.
- You said you were only
in the closet for baseball.
You lied.
- Hey--
- Cooper, you're better
at lying
and pretending than you are
at throwing a ball.
You're great
at being different people,
and I don't know
what to do with that.
I'm always me.
I only know how to be myself.
I'm sorry.
This is so stupid.
I always fall
for the wrong guys.
- Hey.
* *
Does that mean
that you're falling?
* *
- Goodbye, Cooper.
- Wait.
Wait, can we talk, please?
I'm sorry.
Kris. Kris, please.
* *
[Jaymes Young's
"I'll Be Good"]
- * For all of the light
that I shut out *
* For all of the innocent
things that I doubt *
* For all of the bruises
I've caused and the tears *
* For all of the things
that I've done *
* All these *
* Years *
* No *
[phone ringing]
* Yeah, for all of the sparks
that I stomped out *
* For all of the perfect
things that I doubt *
- She's probably right, Stan.
We shouldn't.
- * I'll be good,
I'll be good *
* And I'll love the world
like I should *
* Yeah, I'll be good,
I'll be good *
[line trilling]
* For all of the times
I never could *
- So you want more trouble,
Rojas?
- * Oh, oh *
* Oh, whoa *
* Oh, oh, oh *
* For all of the times
I never could *
* *